HCP Terraform Docs (#2874)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/stacks/index.mdx

This endpoint lists configuration summaries for the specified Stack.

> Each configuration summary is associated with a single Stack configuration, and includes counts of how many of its deployment groups and deployment runs are in each available status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each configuration summary is associated with a single Stack configuration. The summary includes counts of how many of its deployment groups and deployment runs are in each available status.
```

> There is no endpoint for showing a single configuration summary by its ID, but you can use the configuration endpoint's `stack_configuration_summary` include parameter to sideload the configuration's associated summary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no endpoint for showing a single deployment group summary by its ID. Instead, sideload the group's associated summary by including the  `stack_deployment_group_summary` query parameter when calling the `/stack-deployment-group-summaries` endpoint.
```

Reviewer 2: need to slightly update this to say configuration and update the endpoint to stack-configuration
